# CS-305-Submissions

#Artemis financial, our client, is a financial firm whose goal is to create financial services relevant to the different consumers that use their products, but all of which are relevant to personal finance. Their intentions for contacting us are to incorporate new security measures and update their old measures to ensure that client information isn't accessed by nefarious individuals. Since this data is transferred on a regular basis, and the dependencies are updated relatively often, it's important to cover any and all vulnerabilities, as the personal and financial information of their clients are at stake. The code must first be written securely and with good quality to avoid simple errors that could cause vulnerabilities. Then it should be encrypted and decrypted so that even if information is stolen, it is as impossible to decode without the proper keys as can be. Artemis financial lacked these and a few other areas of security, which were promptly addressed in the assignments. Secure code means less chances for information to be stolen and used by those outside the company. A reliable and trusted company is one that makes more clients, and thus more money.

#The vulnerability assessment can be tricky, as some errors can be flagged as false errors while others can be more serious. Discerning which of these belongs to which category is tricky, but an incredibly important skill to have. Once everything was flagged, it was easy to determine what to do next, since each vulnerability has a code listed with what the issues are. These issues can then be addressed and fixed where necessary. To increase security, I increased the layers of security by creating an SSL certificate and ensured that the project had HTTP posts. When considering the future, one strategy I will be using to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques is to identify false positives as quickly as possible. Running the project many times and running dependency checks helps to ensure that everything is up to date and secure for the client, while also checking for how smoothly the code runs to see if anything needs trimmed down. Refactoring code meant checking for new errors that might have been presented as well.

#Viewing code in an IDE will assist in finding errors faster without having to manually comb through every line hoping to find an error. I have placed the vulnerability assessment report in this project and it can be viewed above. Aside from the assessment report, I could show the refactored code and depency check related to it, which would clarify that I understand what aspects of the project need work and what portions are not currently vulnerable.
